Long ago, a misguided cleric of Waukeen named Tyrik Gerithson built a small temple to his deity in the wilds of the Chaos Scar. Foolishly, Tyrik believed he could bring civilization and order to the savage land beyond the King’s Wall. Unfortunately, Waukeen does not suffer fools lightly, and the goddess did not intervene when a band of cultists devoted to the demon lord Orcus swooped down and slaughtered Tyrik Gerithson and his followers. 

After annihilating the followers of Waukeen, the cult of Orcus claimed the temple and rededicated it to the worship of the demon prince of undeath. The cult was led by a grizzled priest named Garvus Harbane who maintained his position through the power of a meteor shard he had discovered. The shard radiated strong necrotic energy, and Garvus called his prized possession the “necroshard.” 

After leading the cult for many years, Garvus sought to prolong his life through a dangerous necromantic ritual a few years ago. However, he foolishly used the necroshard as the ritual’s focus and unleashed a wave of raw energy that killed him and every living creature in the temple. Although a catastrophic and lethal failure for Garvus, his ritual increased the potential power of the necroshard tenfold. Each night since, the shard has slowly been growing in power. The necroshard’s power is at its strongest at night, when it saturates the surrounding area with the power of death. This necromantic energy has been slowly building, feeding on the many deaths in the Scar over the years. Tonight, the corpses of the Scar will rise as an army of zombies