The malign influence and corruption found within the Chaos Scar cannot always be traced to a tangible piece of the meteorite. Though many shards remain scattered throughout the valley or claimed by its covetous denizens, some have dissipated, dissolved, melted away, or been consumed by other forces. These shards are never fully destroyed; the meteor’s destructive essence endures within the power that absorbed it, slowly spreading its corruption and perverting its new incarnation with the meteorite’s evil. 

One such shard, separated at impact, slowly burrowed deep into an expanse of rocky terrain, where it found its way into a vein of magma. Liquidated by the intense heat, the shard—along with its corruption and essence—was absorbed into the molten rock. Over time, it rose to the surface as a river of strange lava which glows with an unnatural, bluish hue. This lava followed the channels created by older magma flows, which led it into the underbelly of a long-abandoned metalworking refinery. 

Brought back to life under the cruel direction of taskmaster Barulg and his duergar clan, the refinery’s metalworking resources were used to forge weapons for duergar raiding parties. However, soon after arriving and activating the furnaces, the duergar discovered that the strangely colored lava contained latent magical properties, and they began to experiment in an attempt to harness its power. 

The lava is nothing if not unpredictable, and after many failed attempts—and casualties—the duergar smiths were able to use the lava to craft a single magical weapon: a monstrous warhammer imbued with a fiery essence. Barulg immediately claimed the hammer as his own, forcing the duergar to work the furnaces night and day in hopes of creating more such armaments. 

These magical experiments drew the eye of Sleed, a clever imp with a strong interest in the lava’s strange properties. Sent by his master to observe the meteor’s influence and effects, Sleed easily took advantage of the duergar’s infernal associations to seal a pact for their souls, promising power to Barulg and his duergar when greater devils come to stake a claim in the valley. Sleed then took over the operation, bringing in other devils to help expand and escalate the experiments to create more powerful magic items. 

As the experiments continued and the lava was exposed to rituals, an unexpected side effect occurred: Pieces of the lava and magma began to come alive as elemental servitors, under the control of the ritual caster—namely, Sleed. Seeing the potential in an army of fiery warriors, Sleed began to catalog his experiments, hoping to find a consistent way to create such elementals—or a way to bring even more powerful elementals into being. 

# Sleed 
Sleed is clever, and the imp excels at surviving. If threatened, he tries to bargain for his life while planning an escape. He’s installed a trap door at the bottom of the refinery—large enough only for a creature of his stature—that leads back to the surface. He has no loyalty to Barulg or his clan and won’t hesitate to leave them behind. 

# Barulg 
A cruel brute, Barulg knows little but blood and violence, and he enjoys inflicting pain and suffering on others. Believing that Sleed’s masters will protect him, he becomes angered if the imp abandons him. Barulg has little to say, preferring to let his warhammer converse with the characters.