The Gnawstubbles were a goblin tribe much like any other living in the cave-riddled hills along the Chaos Scar. They grubbed into the soft, cracked stone in search of shiny gems and tasty subterranean foodstuffs, and they raided the surrounding countryside for other supplies. Their depredations were annoying but rarely fatal, and periodically local residents, usually those who lived near Restwell Keep, would hire adventurers to reduce their numbers. 

Then the goblins tunneled their way into a strange cave deep inside the valley. Its walls were covered with weird nodules of an unknown metal, and oddly mutated forms of underground life inhabited the oily-looking pond at its center. The metal proved to have interesting properties when used in weapons and other tools. Its iridescent surface was endlessly fascinating to the goblins, who took to carrying the nodules with them, fondling and staring at the shiny objects whenever they could. The goblin chief claimed the new cavern as her own and moved her dwelling and family there. 

The Gnawstubbles did not realize that the Chaos Scar meteorite had tainted this unusual cavern. Its bizarre influence had stained the rock and all the life in the caves for many years before the goblins discovered it. Now that the goblins have taken up residence and are in constant contact with the strange “glowmetal,” as they call it, they too have begun to absorb the bizarre taint. With their otherworldly metal weapons and strange new abilities, they have become a much greater threat. Already they have displaced mundane goblins in the vicinity, domesticated strange new allies, and they grow ever more bold in their attacks against caravans and travelers outside the Scar. Adventurers who have survived encounters with the Gnawstubble clan have even reported being assailed by goblins riding strange, giant bats. 

The characters might have been hired by a local authority to deal with the threat, or they might simply be looking for adventure in the notorious Chaos Scar. They soon discover that this is no ordinary goblin stomping session