Before the violent birth of the Chaos Scar, the goliath sorcerer Voran Earthmane mastered elemental magic in his isolated keep. (More information on Voran Earthmane can be found in the adventure, “Stick in the Mud.”) For his most dangerous experiments, he built isolated underground chambers that could be accessed only through magical methods. He was able to experiment for several years in peace, but when the meteor struck, he lost all access to his work. After recovering what he could, Voran left, and knowledge of his work faded. 

Hesskin Flamebrow, a dragonborn treasure hunter drawn to the power that lies in the valley, arrived at the Chaos Scar a few weeks ago. He and his associate met a small group of kobolds that have been abandoned by their tribe, Clan Fireclaw. In such a weakened state, these kobolds were forced to pledge their allegiance to the dragonborn. As part of the bargain to save their lives, the kobold leader Nibbik claimed he knew a powerful ritual that could detect piles of gold. While this was a lie, he did know of a dragon that recently moved into the area, and it was Nibbik’s hope that by leading Hesskin to the dragon’s cave, Nibbik could defeat two potential enemies at once. 

Unfortunately for the kobolds, the dragon Kethendtir and the dragonborn Hesskin formed an alliance. Nibbik was forced to continue his treasure detecting ruse, and he and his tribe were forced to excavate further into Kethendtir’s cave. Much to the wyrmpriest’s surprise, his miners uncovered one of Voran’s lost chambers. In the few hours before the PCs arrive, Hesskin has discovered the secret of a floating lantern and opened an arcane portal that leads to Voran’s inner sanctum