Fjorin (fee-yor-in) Hammermain is a dwarf prospector whose ability to find rich veins of ore borders on the supernatural but whose hunger for wealth and fame is beyond measure. His discoveries of iron, gold, and silver in the mountains and foothills brought wealth and fame to his clan. Not satisfied with his success, Fjorin set his sights on something even more valuable: adamantine. One ounce of the precious ore is worth three or four times its weight in gold, and even a small vein of adamantine could make a dwarf wealthier and more famous than the greatest merchant princes. But adamantine is exceedingly rare, and even a prospector as gifted as Fjorin could spend a lifetime searching for it and find none. 

Fjorin led expeditions into the wilderness and, heedless of advice, poured the clan’s considerable wealth into building a stronghold at the foot of a mighty escarpment created by a comet collision eons ago. Beneath this escarpment the dwarf hoped to strike a sizable vein of adamantine. The stronghold became known as Fjorin’s Foothold, and it protected Fjorin’s mine from the depredations of orcs and giants that came down from the mountains every winter to ravage the countryside. 

Fjorin and his crew spent two years fending off invading humanoids while delving into the rock below Fjorin’s Foothold. Although they found the occasional vein of iron, they discovered no adamantine. Fjorin returned to his family’s hold and enlisted more clan members in the search for adamantine, and as a result, the clan’s other business ventures suffered. Worse yet, the deeper the dwarves delved, the more often they encountered dangerous subterranean monsters. A handful of dwarves perished in search of Fjorin’s adamantine, and soon Fjorin’s Foothold became known by another name: Fjorin’s Folly. 

Recently, Fjorin and his dwarves broke into a cavern inhabited by scores of chitines, secretive spiderlike humanoids who had escaped their former masters, the drow. The chitines initially regarded the dwarves’ incursion as an attack and used their superior numbers to drive the miners back to their fortress. Fjorin’s fellow dwarves advised him to collapse the mine tunnel, to keep the chitines from overrunning the fortress and invading the surface, but Fjorin refused to give up his mine. Mad with greed, Fjorin believed the chitine threat could be overcome, but his fellow dwarves felt differently. They fled Fjorin’s Foothold and returned to their clanhomes, leaving Fjorin to face the chitines alone. 

The chitines overran the stronghold and captured Fjorin, but against all odds, he reached an accord with the xenophobic spiderfolk. The chitines knew of adamantine, having excavated vast quantities of the ore for their drow masters in the past. The ore was refined and used to craft drow weapons and armor. The chitines described a rich adamantine vein near their cavern and offered to provide Fjorin with ore in exchange for food, which was in much shorter supply underground. The chitines had no desire whatsoever to explore the surface realm, but Fjorin assured them that food was plentiful and that he could provide it. 

Even as Fjorin reached his agreement with the chitines, Sharda Hammermain, Fjorin’s wife, hired a band of adventurers to bring her mad husband home. When the adventurers arrived at Fjorin’s Foothold, the dwarf offered them gold to forage and hunt for foodold. The adventurers obliged, but Fjorin was less than forthright about explaining why he needed so much food. Eventually, the adventurers pressured Fjorin into revealing his arrangement with the chitines, and they refused to aid him further. When it seemed as if the adventurers might drag him back to his wife and claim the adamantine ore for themselves, Fjorin and his chitine allies turned on them. The adventurers were captured, taken to the chitine cavern, and eaten. Eager to acquire more adamantine and fulfill his side of the agreement, Fjorin prays that his wife will send a new band of adventurers to find out what happened to the last group.