Long ago, a meteor fell from the heavens and crashed into the world, carving a long valley into the earth in its fury. The energies released warped the valley, leaving bizarre terrain along with shards of meteorite scattered in its wake before finally coming to rest at the head of the valley. The meteorite’s energies attracted many powerful creatures. The region became a place of terror and warfare, for the those who controlled the meteorite or its shards gained great power. For this reason, an ancient king had the valley walled off to contain the horrors. 

The seal was not perfect, and over millennia the land changed, allowing monsters to continue entering the valley or to range out from it and raid nearby lands. In time, the area was seen as a proving ground and an opportunity for adventurers, whether by destroying the monsters or gaining fame and wealth from the hoards such creatures acquired (or, for a lucky few, by acquiring a meteorite shard). Eventually, the bravest adventurers began going beyond the wall, and a few even returned alive with basic maps of the land beyond and tales of fierce creatures and strange places. One such story tells of the Glass-Spire Forest. 

Not far from the wall, near one of the existing gaps leading into the valley, the meteorite caused the earth and stone of the valley floor to undergo a transformation as it passed, pulling the land upward into spires of sharp-edged brown- and gray-colored glass. In this location, a shard broke away from the meteorite to land among the newly formed glass spires, where it burrowed into the ground. After settling, the shard’s alien energies were such that the glass spires continued to grow, slowly like living trees, and thus the Glass-Spire Forest was created. 

In time, a dolgaunt sorcerer named Xennul discovered the place. Sensing the power of the shard, Xennul used a magic ritual to construct a domed, glass shrine around the shard within the center of the glass forest. The shard continued to support the forest but also allowed Xennul to tap into its power for foul purposes. To that end, Xennul used the shard’s energy to warp a nearby nest of insectoid creatures into aberrant glass guardians to protect the forest and shrine. They were inadequate, however; soon after, more powerful creatures arrived, and they took the shard and killed Xennul within its own shrine. 

With the shard removed, the Glass-Spire Forest stopped growing, but traces of the shard’s power still remain in the area. The forest has become a maze of standing and shattered spires, making travel through it difficult and dangerous. The glass guardians have also survived, and they attack any who intrude upon the shrine. In addition, although Xennul was killed, it handled the meteorite shard long enough that a measure of its essence was imprinted within the shrine. This foul presence still lurks there and is drawn to the shard in the hope of being reunited with it; this essence calls out in whispers to those who might hear, seeking to draw potential slaves to it who it can use to retrieve the [[orb-shard-aoa6]] 