No matter how inhospitable, barren, or simply vile a place is, some creature calls it home. There are monsters who dwell in the depths of the world, so far underground that the sun is a wild legend and even light is a rarity beyond compare. There are things who dwell in bubbling lava, in the icy wastes of the uttermost north, or in the harshest of deserts. The Goblin Hole is not quite so dangerous as those places, but it is a place only goblins could love—a steep-sided pit filled with ordure, strange fungal growths, thousands of nasty spiders, and squirming things with odd numbers of legs. In the past, adventurers have descended into the Hole and cleared out the denizens, but the goblins always return. 

The current chieftain of the local goblins and self-styled ‘King of the Hole’ is Urgog the Mangler, who in his youth was a feared goblin warrior. In those years, he and his marauders raided human villages and put elf-woods to the torch. It is said that Urgog personally slew hundreds and that his tent was made out of the flayed skin of adventurers and knights who tried to stop his rampage. Eventually, the short lifespan of goblin-kind caught up with Urgog. His strength and cunning faded and his warband suffered a series of defeats. They were driven deep into the Chaos Scar, where most of the goblins perished and there was no further sign of Urgog the Mangler for years. It was assumed that he had been destroyed by some greater monster. 

In fact, the goblin survived. In the scar, Urgog found an ugly lump of magical crystal, a shard of the meteor that made the scar long ago. Fearing that some thief might steal his prize, he took the shard to a place where it would be safe and secure—the bottom of the Goblin Hole! 

Once Urgog took up residence in the hole, other goblins were drawn there. Today, he rules over a tribe of some fifty goblins. The eldritch influence of the chaos shard in Urgog’s possession has given the goblins a strange affinity with the spiders who also infest the hole. Since Urgog arrived, the spiders have grown larger and more intelligent. 

The most powerful of these spiders has transformed into an unusually intelligent horror, a feyspitter spider that is now the power behind Urgog’s throne. At night, the spider whispers into Urgog’s ear, advising him on how to manipulate his followers and expand his influence. For his part, Urgog is quite happy to have a giant, intelligent spider in the Goblin Hole. It’s an impressive pet and a useful ally. He dreams of a horde of spider-riding goblins swarming over the world, conquering everything that stands in their path. 

Once again, goblin raiders shouting Urgog’s name are attacking human settlements. Once again, brave adventurers must go down the Goblin Hole