The adamantine dragon Karonzaxus was recently slain by a group of adventurers near the Chaos Scar, and tales of the mighty deed echo through the land. However, unbeknownst to the victorious adventurers, Karonzaxus was female, and had recently become the proud mother of a single male adamantine wyrmling, whom she named Taloklaxus. After the death of Karonzaxus, her killers looted her lair but did not discover the wyrmling, who was small enough to hide and avoid detection. With no choice but to fend for himself, Taloklaxus left his mother’s lair in the Chaos Scar and ventured out into the world. He would certainly have been killed and eaten by a more powerful monster but instead, the first creatures he encountered were a warband of kobolds from the Fireclaw tribe. The wyrmpriest leading the group, Varza, an ambitious and progressive kobold, saw the wyrmling as a sign from Tiamat; a sign that it was time to leave her tribe and strike out on her own. 

Varza persuaded her warband to join her by promising that the adamantine wyrmling was the key to future power and influence in the Chaos Scar. Needing a base of operations, Varza followed Taloklaxus’s tracks back to his mother’s lair, and there began instructing the wyrmling in the finer points of dragonhood. Of course, Varza wished to turn her wyrmling into a rampaging monster not unlike the chromatic dragons her kind so often serve. In order to do so, however, she needed to expunge the more peaceable inclinations common to metallic dragons from Taloklaxus’s psyche. Preferring a hands-on approach, Varza and her kobolds began raiding local tribes of goblins and even rival kobold clans for suitable ‘teaching aids’ for Taloklaxus. Those taken by the kobolds were disarmed and forced to battle the adamantine wyrmling to the death. 

Taloklaxus is not an evil creature, but it now has a child’s loyalty to Varza and follows the wyrmpriest’s commands. Taloklaxus believes that he must slay the helpless creatures Varza forces him to battle in order to sharpen the fighting skills he needs to defend Varza and the kobolds loyal to her. In the past few weeks, Taloklaxus’s natural instincts have become more prominent, and he has begun to question Varza’s commands. This has not slowed Varza’s ambition, however, and she has begun to venture beyond the King’s Wall to collect ‘training partners’ for her pet wyrmling.