Hargash Bitterblade is a rather eccentric duergar. He has forsaken the worship of the proper duergar gods and instead worships a bizarre entity he calls Chitteruk, which claims dominion over vermin and all things that creep and crawl. Years ago, Hargash fled a large duergar city to escape certain death for his heresy and devotion to his alien god. He and a few of his more fervent followers traveled many years through the Underdark until, finally, the entity that Hargash serves sent him a dream. The dream provided the location of a long-forgotten temple dedicated to the dwarven god Moradin. Hargash was commanded to re-sanctify the temple in the name of Chitteruk. 

Although Hargash’s vision was sent by an evil entity, it did not come from Chitteruk—because no such creature actually exists. The dream was sent by the great meteorite in the Chaos Scar, which has deluded Hargash and his followers into its service. The temple to Moradin is within the Chaos Scar. In the last few months, Hargash and his small band of followers have moved into the temple. They have been slowly remaking the temple into a place suitable for the worship of Chitteruk. For his endeavors, Hargash has been gifted with uncanny power over verminous monsters. This power comes from the meteorite and not from Hargash’s imaginary god, but it is real power nonetheless. Hargash has filled his new home with all manner of creeping, crawling monstrosities. This includes a small group of ettercaps, also drawn to the area by the meteorite. 

Recently, Hargash has been receiving waking visions from the meteorite in the guise of Chitteruk. In these visions, Chitteruk shows Hargash a band of heroes, a meddling group of do-gooders who intend to thwart Chitteruk’s plans for the fane. Through Chitteruk, the meteorite commands Hargash to destroy these heroes and remove their influence from the area. It just so happens that the heroes are currently in the Chaos Scar; in fact, they are right above Hargash’s head...
 
