Over a hundred years ago, a red dragon came to the Nentir Vale to claim the territory as his own. The dragon was known as Kerang, and he was fearsome to behold. Kerang demanded tribute from the surrounding lands, razed farms, and gorged himself on livestock until the frightened populace gave in to his demands. Tales of Kerang spread from tavern to tavern. Champions came to challenge the red dragon, but Kerang dispatched them with ease. Then the druid Merlius Karnblack arrived. Merlius knew Kerang would never be taken by force alone. The clever druid watched the dragon for months until he was ready to launch his plan. 

Merlius concocted a potent sleeping potion that would cause the drinker to slumber for a hundred years. A sealed vial of the bitter mixture was sewn up inside of Kerang’s tribute of livestock. 

The dragon consumed his tribute the next day. Within hours, Kerang felt the potion taking effect. He rushed to the safety of his lair in what is now known as the Chaos Scar, but it was too late. The dragon thrashed wildly as he began to lose consciousness. Merlius sent the signal, and workers from the nearby mine brought the entire cave down on their tormentor. 

So ended the reign of Kerang. That might have been the end of his story had it not been for his faithful kobold wyrmpriest, Birk. Long after the rest of the tribe had fled, Birk pined for the master he had failed. The wyrmpriest clawed a tunnel into the dragon’s tomb and recovered Kerang’s brain. He sought out a necromancer to coax Kerang’s brain back to life,but it was all for naught. The magic-induced coma kept the dragon silent, even in undeath. Preserved in a jar, the brain was passed from generation to generation as an object of worship. 

After a hundred years had passed, Kerang awoke in horror. He vowed to reclaim his territory and utterly destroy the descendants of those who brought him so low. With the help of the kobold tribes he now holds in thrall, Kerang is excavating his bones and creating a new body, a massive construct.