If players decide to investigate the tor, they can learn the following information with a successful History or Streetwise check: 

DC 7: Illugi Swordbreaker, the Emerald Warlock, and Agera of the Shadow Face led a mercenary group called Stormcrow Company. Each had a storied adventuring background before they joined their strengths, but those stories are as nothing compared to the tales of the exploits of Stormcrow Company. The mercenaries made their base in old tunnels they found beneath a rocky tor in the wilderness. 

DC 12: Though Stormcrow Company was credited with cleaning the goblin tribes out of nearby hills and killing the lich who threatened the valley from its dark tower, the adventurers also accepted contracts to assassinate nobles in a neighboring city-state, kidnapped an eladrin princess in return for a ransom of questionable relics, and even burned down an entire village on a lark while passing through. In the end, they were feared more than revered. 

DC 17: Ten full years have passed since any member of Stormcrow Company has been seen, and that sighting (of Illugi Swordbreaker taking ship in an eastern port) is probably only rumor. Each year that passes with no news from Stormcrow Tor is a year that nearby keeps and walled villages give thanks. Anyone with an opinion on the topic now believes Stormcrow Company took on a challenge it was unequal to and came to a bad end in some far off land or echo dimension. 

# The Real Story 
What no one outside Stormcrow Tor currently knows is that the adventuring group wasn’t silenced by an external threat but by internal strife. In the end, an artifact pulled from the devastation of a ruined lich’s tower (the Wrathstone) drove Stormcrow Company to madness. Tempers and paranoia ran riot. Before all-out internecine rivalry exterminated Stormcrow Company, each principle fortified his or her portion of the shared base, gathered secret allies, and tried to snare former friends in traps, catch them with curses, or kill them through simple force of arms. 

A final paroxysm of rage and murder swept through the torchlit tunnels beneath Stormcrow Tor. When it was over, two of the three principles were dead and one was altered beyond all recognition. 

In the years since, the old base has been partly colonized by kenku and myconids; even these opportunistic monsters, however, know to stay clear of the deepest chambers. Though great treasures surely reside there, so do the most insidious traps left behind by maddened mercenaries whose sanity was well and truly shredded long before their bodies followed. Things still move in the deeps, and not all of those things are living