# Background
Many adventurers come to the Chaos Scar looking for lost treasure, powerful magic, and vicious monsters to defeat. The Scar has all three in copious amounts, and some seek to make a profit by turning a negative (captured creatures such as rust monsters or the last known location of a missing band of would-be heroes) into a positive—for them if nobody else. The beholder gauth named Shur-Tuuz is one such profiteer, and its recent efforts have seen it lead a group of duergar to the tower, where it also hopes to profit by selling a couple of rust monsters to a band of local gnolls. The beholder already has the duergars’ payment for the information; now it seeks to gain payment for the rust monsters. 

After the beholder arrived at the location with the band of duergar, they all discovered that the tower hadn’t had inhabitants for a few months. Seeing another opportunity, Shur-Tuuz sent its runner off to the gnolls, but also sent another back to one of its usual haunts to gather more forces. It wants to keep the tower as another base of operations. Thus far, Shur-Tuuz has succeeded at its endeavors to sell information and various “found” goods, and this tower could serve as a useful location for it. Storing vicious creatures in some of its bases is not convenient; this place, however, is far enough out that it can consider selling more dangerous creatures than rust monsters. 

Unfortunately for Shur-Tuuz, a local druid saw its band heading toward the tower, plus the rust monsters, and she quickly made it known to contacts that something was going on at the tower. How this news reaches the ears of the adventurers is up to the DM (see some hooks below for ideas), but the druid and other folk are not happy with the idea of having a beholder in that tower, and they don’t appreciate the presence of rust monsters in the area. The heroes might also know the former inhabitants of the tower and seek to discover what happened to them. Whatever the case, they arrive as the negotiations for the rust monsters are taking place.

# Running the Adventure
