# Background
The red dragon Maluriath was once a vain creature who spent as much time lounging atop her treasure hoard as most dragons devote to gathering followers and scheming. When she chose to expand her hoard by raiding settlements, she worked in concert with her brother, Mekkalath, who was more concerned with finding a proper lair and amassing a cadre of suitably subservient underlings. 

Their concerted efforts reaped considerable rewards, but eventually Mekkalath did bring some followers to his side, and then he grew tired of dividing the spoils of their raids with his sister. He schemed to attack the ruins of Gardmore Abbey, a place rife with forgotten treasures as well as potential henchmen, and brought Maluriath along without telling her the full extent of his plans. When he subjugated the creatures there, Mekkalath revealed to his sister that the abbey was his new lair and that he now intended to conduct his affairs without her. 

Maluriath did not react immediately, realizing that it would be foolish to challenge her brother directly while his newly acquired followers surrounded him. She decided to use stealthier tactics to try to undermine his domain. She combed the abbey for the relic that the lost paladins had once hoped to contain: the Deck of Many Things. Worried that one of her brother’s cronies might discover her, she drew hastily upon the deck’s powers but failed to gain the help she wanted. As the deck overpowered Maluriath with chaotic energy, her betrayal became apparent to her brother, turning him against her and causing him to send forces to secure her hoard. She also came to the attention of a notoriously spiteful corruptor of the Nine Hells, who twisted her body into a wretched and vile form. Maluriath is unsure how she came to the devil’s attention, but chaotic forces from the Deck of Many Things now combine with the devil’s curse to wrack her with constant pain. 

Ashamed of her new form and barely sane due to the painful energy overwhelming her, Maluriath fled her brother’s domain and, in time, sought out the Chaos Scar, a place whose corruption called to her. She intended to make her lair in the forgotten depths of a dormant volcano by ousting the ogres that occupied the caves in the area. The ugly creatures suited her temperament, however, so she cowed them into servitude instead and used several of them as a repository for some of the energy that pained her greatly. 

In her attempts to break the devil’s curse of corruption, Maluriath thought the solution could be found in the creation of special arcane mirrors, but she had no success. When she placed a test subject near one of the mirrors, she hoped the mirror would give off a twisted reflection of the creature’s actual appearance. Then she would turn the reflection into truth, causing the creature to take on some of the cursed energy inside her. Instead, no matter how many mirrors she tried, her test subjects kept morphing into hideous aberrations, but without any change in her own condition. 

After failure upon failure, Maluriath changed the direction of her research. Instead of attempting to return to what she once was, she decided to visit the same twisted changes she had experienced upon the world around her to create a warped domain for herself.

# Running the Adventure
6.  [[Ailwin]] has acquired a piece of obsidian with strange properties. He wants a group to find a cave deep in the Scar and bring him back more of it for examination. He will pay 1,000 gold for this. (Reflections of Ruin)