# Background
The human wizard named Bolios Whittish commands a strange flying fortress carved from the head of an enormous statue and fortified with a crownlike tower. The Head in the Clouds serves as Bolios’s home and means of travel. Bolios has dedicated his life to the study of elemental spirits and the Elemental Chaos. He discovered the head in his quest for knowledge and christened it The Head in the Clouds. 

Bolios found the massive head (possibly from an immense statue) floating above a desert near a weak point in the border between planes. He discovered that the stone was imbued with elemental spirits that made it weightless. With the aid of some desert-dwelling dwarves, Bolios strengthened the bonds on the beings and built towers atop it, creating a flying fortress (which he insists on calling his “ship”) from which he could explore the world. 

After hearing about the Chaos Scar, Bolios traveled to the area in the hope of learning more about it. For a few days he made distant observations from high in the clouds. Recently, he realized that his tower is sinking and being pulled farther into the Scar. Well aware of the possible danger, Bolios has been trying to discover the cause of the pull and fight against it. By the time he drifts down out of the clouds and spots the heroes, Bolios is desperate. 

If you’d like to give the adventure a longer build-up, let the characters notice something ominous in the sky. It’s just a speck at first, but eventually it draws close enough that they can recognize it as something that doesn’t belong in the sky. Depending on how much lead time you have and how much mystery you want to build around it, this might take a few hours, a few days, or even a week or more. Allowing the characters to see the head as nothing more than a smudge against the distant clouds for several days should spark their curiosity. 

When the distant object is first spotted, there will be no reliable information on it but plenty of conjecture. If the characters are in a town or settlement of any size, such as Restwell Keep, this will be the number one topic of conversation. (For a longer trek, characters might even spot the head while they’re at Fallcrest and track Bolios’s journey toward the Scar, out of curiosity over what the object is.) Once the citadel’s shape becomes recognizable, the suppositions will only increase. Some people will hail it as a sign from the gods, others as a sign from devils; some will consider it a good omen, others a sure signal that the apocalypse is near. Those who favor more mundane explanations probably assume that it’s the home of flying raiders coming to attack and loot the village. All sorts of plans and proposals will be put forward ranging from scattering and hiding in the hills to imploring the spirits of the sky for intercession to organizing a scouting/diplomatic party to get a closer look. If the latter happens, the characters should be included in (or at least invited to join) the official contingent sent to investigate the intruder. If the characters are the ones to make this suggestion, so much the better.

# Running the Adventure
-   Lord Criswell offers 200 gold for the capture of Bolios the Elementalist and Master Vyen offers 1,000gp for the return of a book he stole called Azael’s Elemental Travels. (Head in the Clouds)