# Background
The theocracy of Elturgard (Forgotten Realms Campaign Guide, pages 124–125) is a shining symbol of light in the Western Heartlands. The paladins of Torm who rule and guard this realm take pride in their moral clarity and pursuit of good, their hearts steeled by unwavering faith. 

Six months ago, Sir Tavil Soarvaren of the Knights of the Fury—a vainglorious order comprised of Elturgard’s finest paladins—convinced his faithful peers in Elturel that the time had come to bring Torm’s wrath down upon the orcs of the High Moor, who were becoming a significant menace. Sir Tavil received the blessing of the High Observer, assembled his legion of knights, and set out on a quest to teach the orcs a bloody lesson. The High Observer so believed in Tavil’s crusade that he entrusted the knight with a holy relic of the faith: a gauntlet forged after the Time of Troubles to commemorate Torm’s resurrection following his mortal combat with Bane. Sir Tavil donned the gauntlet before setting out for Boareskyr Bridge and beyond to the High Moor. 

Sir Tavil Soarvaren and his fellow knights were never seen again. Divinations confirmed everyone’s worst fears: Sir Tavil’s legion had been wiped out. It was a terrible blow to Elturgard—one that shook the paladins’ normally unwavering faith. In the wake of the knights’ demise, the orcs stepped up their attacks and began terrorizing the lands west of Elturgard. The horde even attacked Boareskyr Bridge, but was driven back. Adding insult to injury, reports have reached the High Observer in Elturel of a mighty orc wearing Sir Tavil’s gauntlet into battle. A handful of bold paladins have died trying to reclaim it, further demoralizing Elturgard’s ranks and forcing the High Observer to consider the extraordinary action of soliciting outside assistance. And so, the valiant lords of Elturgard, seen as righteous saviors by many, swallowed their pride and reached out for help.

# Running the Adventure
-   The relic, Loyalty's Sacrifice, must be recovered! Any brave heroes willing to undertake this quest should see Lord Drysdale. (Vainglorious)